NARRATOR: Now that Serena has
earned her third Princess Key,
our heroes have arrived in
Gloire City, where the Pokémon
Showcase Master Class
is set to take place.
ASH: Serena, is that it?
BONNIE: Wowee!
CLEMONT: What a gigantic castle!
SERENA: Finally here.
SERENA: The Gloire City
Pokémon Showcase Master Class.
SHAUNA: The big event
we've been dreaming about.
SERENA: Shauna!
MIETTE: Where the
Kalos Queen will be crowned.
SERENA: And Miette!
NINI: That's why we've all
worked so hard to collect three
Princess Keys, isn't it?
SERENA: Nini!
SHAUNA: Well, well.
You've all met before!
MIETTE: We sure have. We all
stood on the very same stage in
the Rookie Class!
NINI: And that means we're
all rivals to the very end!
BONNIE: That's so cool
you're all in the Master Class!
NINI: Of course!
CLEMONT: I'd say this is going
to get a lot more challenging!
SERENA: But, I'm ready!
PANCHAM: [PANICKING]
MIETTE: So Ash, naturally you'll
be cheering me on, won't you?
ASH: Yeah! I'll be
cheering a lot for all of you!
MIETTE: Even if Serena
and I battle head‐to‐head?
MIETTE: Well?
ASH: In that case, I'll be
cheering all I can for Serena!
MIETTE: Are you two an item?
SERENA:
That's none of your business!
ASH: What's up?
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
NINI:
Sounds kind of complicated.
BONNIE: Kind of
SHAUNA: Whatever,
let's get out here and
show them what we're made of!
SERENA: Of course.
And I'm going to win!
JESSIE:
The time has finally come.
JESSIE: It's time for none
other than Jessilee to grab this
historic moment and snag the
hallowed title of Kalos Queen!
JAMES: Hail the Queen!
MEOWTH: The Queen is keen!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Whew. Seeing Jessie
so happy can be tiring work.
MEOWTH: We're still
gonna have to stay on our toes.
Our Jessie needs
all the help she can get!
JAMES: Right!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREE]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
GRACE: So it starts tomorrow?
SERENA: Yeah.
GRACE: I'll be there in a flash.
SERENA: Oh, come on. You don't
need to travel all that way!
GRACE:
What are you talking about?
I wouldn't miss it
for anything in the world!
SERENA: I'm
worried I won't perform well.
I guess I'm a little scared.
GRACE: Being nervous is only
natural. I was always that way
‐before a race.
‐SERENA: Wow, you were?
GRACE: And that's when
you need to tell yourself:
It's time to go for broke!
SERENA: Uh Hey, Mom?
SERENA: At first I set off on
my journey only because I didn't
want to be a Rhyhorn racer.
SERENA: But what a great
time I've had! I've met so many
wonderful friends and Pokémon
who support me day after day.
GRACE: Serena...
SERENA: Tomorrow,
I'll give it my all.
It's time to go for broke!
GRACE: Great! See you soon!
FEMALE REPORTER: The opening of
the Gloire City Pokémon Showcase
Master Class is
filled with excitement!
SERENA: Great. Perfect!
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Hey, Braixen?
SERENA: This
is finally it, win OR lose!
SERENA: We've got to
give it everything we've got!
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Here goes!
BRAIXEN: [CONFIDENT]
PANCHAM: [CONFIDENT]
SYLVEON: [CONFIDENT]
SERENA: Readyset...
SERENA: GO!
SHAUNA: No doubt
Serena's teamwork is amazing.
But we'll show them
what we've got, too.
What do you say, Ivysaur?
IVYSAUR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SLURPUFF: [PRIMP]
SMOOCHUM: [PRIMP/KISS]
JESSIE: None of that
means a thing, because who
will be Kalos Queen?
Why, it's me!
MEOWTH: We'll show
them who's top of the heap!
GOURGEIST: [AFFIRMATIVE]
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: If Jessie wins, we can
return to our life of crime.
BONNIE: What a crowd. Wow!
CLEMONT: Well, this is the
Master Class. This is what it's
all about.
The whole world is watching!
ASH: Serena, you'll be great!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Bonjour,
Pokémon lovers, and welcome!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: The hour is
here. We're now at the moment
you've been waiting for.
MONSIEUR PIERRE: It's
the Gloire City Pokémon Showcase
Master Class!
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
And it's about to begin!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Please
allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Pierre, your host.
KLEFKI: [GREETING]
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Now would you please turn
your attention to the stage?
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Prepare to meet our beautiful
and talented performers!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And now,
ladies, if you please Take the
Princess Keys you
worked so hard to earn,
place them into the three locks
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And watch as
the door to your future opens!
SERENA: My first key. It
represents the win that marked
the beginning of my
quest the search for my dreams.
SERENA: My second key. Showing
me that my dream was one step
closer to becoming reality.
SERENA: My third key. Yes, we
had some rough moments winning
it, but we
overcame them together.
SERENA: And now, I'm here...and
I WILL become Kalos Queen!
ASH: Serena!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: It's my
pleasure to introduce you to our
very special guest!
BONNIE: Who's that?
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Former Kalos
Queen and well‐known producer,
she has launched the careers of
countless performers throughout
her career. Welcome Palermo!
She's agreed to take on the role
of special judge.
SERENA: I know her!
PALERMO: There's something
you definitely lack to be Kalos
Queen. Until you know what
that is, you'll never be able to
defeat Aria.
PALERMO: I'm very much looking
forward to observing everyone's
wonderful performances today.
Good luck to all of you.
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Thank you. It's
a pleasure to have you here.
All right then! Let's greet our
current queen as she makes her
grand entrance!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Please
give a warm welcome to Aria!
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Scraggy!"
BONNIE: Everybody loves her.
CLEMONT:
Aria's a true Kalos Queen...
ASH: Serena's worked so hard to
make it here and get the chance
to become queen. She's awesome!
ARIA: Greetings! Thank you all!
ARIA: Also Greetings
to all the performers...
ARIA: I'm honored to be here
sharing the stage and competing
with you. So, with the
title of Kalos Queen at stake,
let's compete with
everything we've got!
ARIA: To all of you here in
person, and all of you watching
on television,
I hope you enjoy the show!
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Those were lovely words, Aria.
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Now it's time
to explain the rules. Here at
our Master Class,
there is no Theme Performance.
It consists of
Freestyle Performances only!
ASH: What's up with that?
CLEMONT: If I had to make a
guess, I suppose the Theme
Performance is intended to show
off the strong bond between the
performers and their
Pokémon.They've come this far
already and it must be
assumed that the competitors
are beyond those early stages.
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Furthermore,
performers will face off against
one another in the
following tournament format!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: The first and
second rounds will feature the
performer and a single Pokémon.
The semi‐finals will feature the
performer and two Pokémon!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Finally,
the performer who wins the
semi‐finals will challenge
the Kalos Queen herself!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And
then the winner of that round...
MONSIEUR PIERRE: will receive
the title of Kalos Queen,
along with this lovely tiara!
SERENA: Now Braixen?
I want you for the first round.
BRAIXEN: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Because we
know...our first round opponent?
MIETTE: Bad luck
for one of us for sure.
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And now for the
first group on the first stage!
Our three performers will be
Jessilee, Nini, and Concetta!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: We'll start
with a solo performance from
each pair, and that will be
followed by all three pairs
performing at once.
Maintenant, begin!
JESSIE: Gourgeist, Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
JAMES: Jessilee for the win!
MEOWTH: Break a leg, Jessie!
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
JESSIE: What was that? What
did you do with my spotlight?
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And following
the mysterious Jessilee,
we move on to our
charming performer, Nini!
NINI: All right,
Smoochum! Heart Stamp!
SMOOCHUM: [EXCITED]
ASH: Way to go, Nini!
BONNIE: So cute!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And third,
please welcome Concetta!
CONCETTA: I'm raring to go!
Scraggy, Focus Blast!
SCRAGGY: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
CONCETTA: And now, Brick Break!
SCRAGGY: [BRICK BREAK MOVE]
MONSIEUR PIERRE: All right.
And now It's time for the
simultaneous appeal! Who will
capture the audience's heart?
NINI: Powder Snow!
SMOOCHUM:
[EXERTION] [POWDER SNOW MOVE]
CONCETTA: Scraggy, Focus Blast!
SCRAGGY: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
JESSIE: Get ready for us. The
best! An alluring woman like me
won't lose to those little
girls! And you can take that to
the bank.
Shadow Ball, fullPOWER!
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
NINI: What's going on?!
NINI: I can't lose!
CONCETTA:
You can do it, Scraggy!
SCRAGGY: [DETERMINED]
NINI: Finished!
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Now for the judging!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Ladies and
gentlemen, please use the Glow
Casters in front of
you to cast your vote
for your fa‐ vorite performer.
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And don't
forget! For those of you who are
not able to be here and are
watching on television, you are
also able to cast your votes!
Pressing the corresponding
buttons on your
devices will do the trick.
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Now that you're ready to go,
please make your choice!
JAMES: Jessilee!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And the
performer who will be moving on
to the next stage is...
Jessilee!
JAMES: Thank you!!
JESSIE: No surprise.
GOURGEIST:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [DERISIVE]
SMOOCHUM: [WORRIED]
NINI: That's all.
It's over for us.
We're going home.
MEOWTH: She did it!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: It's not easy out there.
BRAIXEN: [CONCERNED]
PANCHAM: [CONCERNED]
SYLVEON: [CONCERNED]
MIETTE: Serena?
MIETTE: No matter who wins,
we're still friends, aren't we?
SERENA: Of course!
CLARICE: Fletchling!
Use Double Team!
FLETCHLING: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
SHULIN: Use Swift!
ACCELGOR: [SWIFT MOVE]
ELMA: Use Leaf Storm!
ROSERADE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And now for
our fourth group of lovely and
talented performers!
Sara Lee, Serena, and Miette!
ASH: There she is!
CLEMONT:
She's up against Miette.
BONNIE: Go for it, Serena!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
GRACE: Now it's
time to go for broke!
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Now, performers GO!
MIETTE:
'Kay, Sl ! Cotton Spore!
SLURPUFF: [COTTON SPORE MOVE]
SLURPUFF: [EXERTION]
BONNIE: Those two look great!
Their dance is so cute!
ASH: Yeah. Wow, Slurpuff's
moving better than ever!
MIETTE: Fairy Wind, GO!
SLURPUFF: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
SERENA: Now Braixen,
let's go! Use Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION] [POSE]
CLEMONT: That was great!
CHESPIN: [EXCITED YELLING]
BONNIE: Serena and
Braixen are having a blast!
ASH: That's the best way!
Showing off the real Serena!
SARA LEE: Ice Beam!
GLACEON: [EXERTION] [EXERTION]
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Now for the
simultaneous performances!
MIETTE: Slurpuff!
Use Fairy Wind!
SLURPUFF: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
SARA LEE: Glaceon! Ice Beam!
GLACEON: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
SERENA: Braixen, Fire Blast!
BRAIXEN: [FIRE BLAST MOVE]
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Time to cast
your votes. Is everyone ready?
S'il vous plait!
BONNIE: Come on, Serena!
CLEMONT: You can WIN!
CHESPIN: [CHEERING]
ASH: Serena!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And the
performer going on to the next
stage is...
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
Serena! Congratulations!
BRAIXEN: [EXCITED] [EXERTION]
SERENA: We did it, Braixen!
SERENA: We did it!
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
SYLVEON: [EXCITED]
SERENA: All right,
Pancham and Sylveon.
I'm counting on you two next!
PANCHAM: [DETERMINED]
SYLVEON: [EXCITED]
SHAUNA: Yay, Serena!
SHAUNA: You were great!
SERENA: Shauna, thanks!
STAFF : Shauna,
you're on standby, okay?
SHAUNA: Thanks! I'm up! See ya!
SERENA: Right! Good luck!
MIETTE: Congratulations, Serena.
SERENA: Miette
MIETTE: Now go out
and get 'em for me, too!
MIETTE: You've got to
be the next Kalos Queen!
SERENA: Right.
NINI: For me, too!
NINI: Please win, Serena.
SERENA: Right!
SERENA: I'll do it! I promise!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: And the
performer going to the next
stage is... Shauna!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Now, for those
who are moving on let's have
those performers come on out!
Beautiful, talented, wonderful!
BONNIE: Oh no.
My heart is pounding!
ASH: This will decide it all.
CLEMONT: I believe in Serena!
CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BUNNELBY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Go, go, go, Jessilee!
MONSIEUR PIERRE:
It's Jessilee Shauna and Serena!
MONSIEUR PIERRE: Which one
of these lovely performers
will win?
SHAUNA: Here we go, Serena!
SERENA: Good luck!
SERENA: You know, it would be
beyond amazing if I could go and
see a Pokémon Showcase sometime.
And see what a Pokémon
performer does, too!
SHAUNA: Then I'll go with you!
SERENA: Sure!
SERENA: Hey Shauna, thank you.
SERENA: You offered
to come with me. Remember?
SHAUNA: It's not
over yet, you know.
SERENA: Yeah... Let's both
be happy we gave it our all!
NARRATOR: And so, Serena and
Shauna have both moved on to the
semi‐finals of the
Pokémon Showcase Master Class!
The beautiful and thrilling
performance competition will
come to a finale next time,
as the journey continues!